Migrate Standard integrations section (#23137)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/custom_metrics.md

## Overview

> If a metric is not submitted from one of the [more than {{< translate key="integration_count" >}} Datadog integrations][1] it's considered a custom metric<sup>[(1)](#standard-integrations)</sup>. Custom metrics help you track your application KPIs: number of visitors, average customer basket size, request latency, or performance distribution for a custom algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a metric is not submitted from one of the [more than {{< translate key="integration_count" >}} Datadog integrations][1] it's considered a custom metric. Custom metrics help you track your application KPIs: number of visitors, average customer basket size, request latency, or performance distribution for a custom algorithm. Certain [standard integrations](#standard-integrations) can also potentially emit customer metrics. 
```
